Make contributors.md clearer (#80)
actions/setup-python: docs/contributors.md

```
npm install
tsc

> ncc build src/setup-python.ts

Reviewer: 👍

```
Any files generated using `tsc` will be added to `lib/`, however those files also are not uploaded to the repository and are exluded using `.gitignore`.

> During the commit step, Husky will take care of formatting all files with [Prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier) (to run manually, use `prettier --write **/*.ts`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the commit step, Husky will take care of formatting all files with [Prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier) (to run manually, use `npm run format`).
```

Small suggestion, easier to type out. You can find the full script [here](https://github.com/actions/setup-python/blob/4ff1108c39d694f52d6bc366cc6a9e0b6cec890c/package.json#L9)
